Add project page Nedelcu Diana Ioana (#840)
UPB-PMRust/website: website/versioned_docs/version-fils_en/project/2026/diana_ioana.nedelcu/index.md

# Automatic Music Player and Advertising System

> An automated audio solution that blends background music with scheduled announcements using the RP2040 and Rust.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Automatic Music Player and Advertising System
An automated audio solution that blends background music with scheduled announcements using the RP2350 and Rust.
```

You use Raspberry Pi Pico 2W which uses RP2350 as its chip.
